DreamsForge Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used,
and shared when you visit www.moedeiro.com.br (the “Site”) or access the 
Moedeiro Play Store application (the “App”).

PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT

When you visit the Site or App, we don't automatically collect any information
about your device. The only information collected is the photos you upload to
the Site or App to be identified. This information is processed ephemeraly and
is not stored in any database.

You can also choose to donate the photo to the Moedeiro project, in which case
the photo will be stored in our database and will be used to train our algori-
thms. In this case, the photo will be stored in our database for an indefinite 
period of time. The photo is collected anonymously, without any personal infor-
mation. The only information collected is the photo itself.

When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking
about the photos you upload to the Site or App.

HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?

We use the Personal Information that we collect to provide the service and iden-
tify the coins in the photos you upload to the Site or App.

DO NOT TRACK

Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices
when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.

DATA RETENTION

When you upload a photo to the Site or App, the photo is processed ephemeraly
and is not stored in any database. If you choose to donate the photo to the
Moedeiro project, the photo will be stored in our database and will be used to
train our algorithms. In this case, the photo will be stored in our database for
an indefinite period of time. The photo is collected anonymously, without any 
personal information. The only information collected is the photo itself.

CHANGES

We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for 
example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory
reasons.

CONTACT US

For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if 
you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at 
admin@moedeiro.com.br.
